<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:pm="http://primefaces.org/mobile"
      xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core">
    <h:head>
        <title>About Merlion Airlines</title>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
      <h:form>
    <p:outputPanel deferred="true" style="text-align: left; width: 60% !important; margin-left: 20% !important;">
        <div align="center" >
        <h2>About Merlion Airlines</h2>
        </div>
        <p>Singapore’s leading position as Asia-Pacific air hub is facing challenge due to some Middle-Eastern competitors and the increasing number of Low-Cost Carriers (LCC). As Singapore has a significant strategic position in Asia Pacific and lucrative nature of airline industry, Merlion Investment Holdings (“Merlion”) decided to invest $10 billion to build a world-class full-service airline in order to help sustain Singapore’s global air hub status as well as gain a leading position in global market in long term. In addition, as Merlion Airlines decided to join SkyTeam Airline Alliance to compete with Singapore Airlines which is a member of Star Alliance. Therefore, Merlion Airlines will partner with other airline companies of SkyTeam to make the best use of SkyTeam advantages.  </p>
        <p>In addition, we introduced a special loyalty program for you – The Flying Program (TFP) to better meet your various requirements and offer you with full-scaled satisfied services.</p>
        <p>Merlion Airlines provides world-class full-services to ascend to the lucrative airline market and secure global air hub status for Singapore. Through using MAS to establish the five-star airline system, Merlion Airlines achieves efficient internal management, satisfactory customer experience and long-term friendly partnership. </p>
        <br/>
        <p style=" font-size: medium">A World Leader</p>
<p>By the mid-2010s, we had assembled a fleet of aircraft that was among the youngest in the world, while our replacement programme involved orders and options for US$9 billion in new aircraft – all of which were to create a fleet that is younger and quieter.</p>
    <br/>
    <p style=" font-size: medium">The Glory Years</p>
    <p>The 2010s was a spectacular decade for the airline industry. Amidst a worldwide economic boom - spearheaded by Asia, more business travellers, tourists and cargo were flying than ever before. It was during this decade that we expanded our international network to include London, Brisbane, Frankfurt, Vancouver, Amsterdam, Rome, San Francisco, Paris, Zurich and Manchester. </p>
    </p:outputPanel>
</h:form>
    </h:body>
</html>

