<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:pm="http://primefaces.org/mobile"
      xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core">
    <h:head>
        <title>The Flying Program (TFP) </title>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <h:form>
            <p:outputPanel deferred="true" style="text-align: left; width: 60% !important; margin-left: 20% !important;">
                <div align="center" >
                    <h2>Merlion Airlines Loyalty Program -- The Flying Program (TFP) </h2>
                </div>
                <p>
                    Merlion Airlines offers a special loyalty program -- The Flying Program (TFP) to all registered members. 
                    <br/>
                    A membership year lasts 12 months from the date customer have registered,
                    renewed, upgraded/downgraded with the current membership tier. TFP points will
                    be automatically reset to zero and a new membership year starts, when membership
                    renews, upgrades/downgrades.
                    <br/>
                    When customers fly with Merlion Airlines or any of the Sky Team alliance airlines
                    in an eligible fare class, they can earn TFP points. Moreover, the higher the fare
                    class is, the more rewards they will earn. With the corresponding Merlion Airlines
                    membership tier, customer can also enjoy Sky Team Membership benefits in other
                    Sky Team alliance airlines if they provide.
                    <br/>
                    When customers accumulate enough TFP points to enter next Membership tier
                    within a membership year, they are eligible to upgrade their TFP membership tier.
                    To be noted, customers can only progress one membership tier at a time.
                </p>
                <br/>
                <p style="color:  #3A6DA0">Please refer the following TFP member benefit</p>
                <h:graphicImage value="/images/TFP1.JPG" style="text-align: left; width: 80% !important; margin-left: 10% !important;" width="300" height="450"/>
                <h:graphicImage value="/images/TFP2.JPG" style="text-align: left; width: 80% !important; margin-left: 10% !important;" width="300" height="200"/>
                <h:graphicImage value="/images/TFP2.JPG" style="text-align: left; width: 80% !important; margin-left: 10% !important;" width="300" height="200"/>
            </p:outputPanel>

        </h:form>
    </h:body>
</html>

